Source reconstruction (Python 3.12+)

Extract all attached parts into the SAME directory, preserving their paths.
Run:
  python3 reconstruct.py

Obtain the two exact upstream source archives identified in UPSTREAM.json.
Suggested source URLs (download/read only):
  https://github.com/AsahiLinux/linux/archive/9fc41c8f69dd656d81416dc18ab2a1f040e1c410.tar.gz
  https://github.com/NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules/archive/61dcc93722ecb418bb5f2e00923f05b4b8051dd1.tar.gz

Reconstruct either component offline:
  python3 reconstruct.py --component kernel --upstream-tar linux-source.tar.gz --output kernel-review
  python3 reconstruct.py --component nvidia --upstream-tar nvidia-source.tar.gz --output nvidia-review
The tools require exact archive checksums and a new output directory. They do
not download, install, modify an existing tree, initialize hardware or reboot.

Building after target identity provisioning
Use an ARM64 compiler with a matching Linux configuration and 16 KiB pages.
A sanitized reference kernel config is included as kernel.config. Copy it to
a separate build directory, run olddefconfig, then build Image, modules and
the J314s DTB with ARCH=arm64 and CROSS_COMPILE=aarch64-linux-gnu-.

The original kernel release was 7.3.0-rc1-j314s-all9-r35. Sources and ABI must
match the NVIDIA module build. Rebuild both the NVIDIA adapted core and kernel
interface from the provided NVIDIA delta plus official upstream. Match the
NVIDIA userspace version exactly (615.71.09). A newer random driver package
is not an equivalent replacement. Full portable end-to-end rebuilding and
installation have not been validated from this sanitized public kit.

Guarded deployment outline for developers
1. Preserve stock firmware, boot entries, working SSH, power and thermal policy.
2. Collect the target's fresh ADT/controller/enclosure/GPU identities and review
   resource windows, MSI allocation and DART ownership; provision source policy.
3. Build and hash a new kernel, all matching modules and an initramfs containing
   the known Wi-Fi path and watchdog. Do not reuse a private machine's initramfs.
4. Prepare a one-shot boot entry and finite watchdog recovery to stock; confirm
   actual SSH recovery before experimental external-device activation.
5. Activate each controller once, prove resources/identity/DMA ownership, then
   initialize the NVIDIA driver once. No warm reset/retry or owner release.
6. For mining, use an independently acquired official miner and your own account.
   Require fail-closed VPN routing and thermal protection, then verify accepted
   shares for every API entry plus physical UUID compute contexts. API PCI bus
   labels omit domains and may not uniquely identify cards across controllers.
7. Acknowledge each guard only after its own fresh boot/native/driver checks;
   mining acceptance is a separate final proof.

The source includes exact-topology assumptions. Other Mac models/enclosure
layouts need a reviewed port, not changing the model string. A userspace guard
cannot recover every early firmware/kernel hang; physical recovery remains
necessary for some failures.

R35 publication is a source review update. It omits private raw Image, DTB,
initramfs, module binaries, boot tokens and launch credentials. A cold boot with
attached devices is the validated model; hotplug and arbitrary GPU discovery
are not established. Do not deploy this package over a working system.

NVIDIA core provenance: the reused R35 core object matches the archived
BAR2-owner diagnostic core build. Its pinned kern_bus_vbar2.c diagnostic source
is included alongside the previously published core adaptations and current R35
kernel-interface changes. No core object or built module is distributed. Exact
clean rebuild reproducibility has not been established for the sanitized kit.
